This video, we're going to take a look at how to get just to essentially fake out this import statement
or redirect it.
So here's the entire process.
This is what we're going to do in this video.
The first thing we're going to do is find the file that we want to fake.
In our case, the file that we want to fake.
Is our net's wrapper file inside of our root CRC directory.
So this and that's wrapper right here.
This has all the code that is going to try to actually connect to our real net server.
And we do not want to run this code because we don't want to have to run a copy of nets when we are
executing our tests.
So this is some code that we want to somehow fake out.
So to do so, we're going to find that file.
Well, just found it.
Then inside the same directory, we're going to create a folder called Underscore, Underscore, Box,
Underscore, Underscore.
Let's do that right now.
So inside the same directory, which in this case would be Z.
I'll make a new folder called Underscore Underscore.
Make sure you get two in there.
Box, underscore, underscore.
After that, we're going to open up that folder we just created and we're going to create a file inside
there with an identical name to the file that we are trying to fake.
So in our case, we are trying to fake or kind of duplicate or redirect Nat's wrapper.
So you'll make an identically named file inside of underscore underscore mocks.
So that's rapper TS.
Then inside this file, we're going to write out some fake implementation.
So in our case, this is where we're going to want to somehow fake out or provide some code to run instead
of this net's wrapper stuff.
So to do so inside of the new file we just created, we can do an export const that's wrapper and I'm
going to directly return an object.
So why do I know to do a export constants wrapper?
Well, we are essentially trying to fake out or duplicate the functionality of the real Nats wrapper
file the real Nats wrapper file.
If we go down to the bottom, it exports a single named export of NATS wrapper and that is going to
be an instance of a class or essentially an object.
So we can't build up or export NATS wrapper and then this is the object that we are going to export.
So we can write out our fake implementation or essentially some code to run instead of the real stuff
inside of this object.
Right now, I'm just going to leave this empty.
We'll come back and write in some fake implementation in just a moment.
All right.
Now the last step.
We're going to make sure that we tell just to use that fake file we just put together inside of our
test file.
Right now, we have a couple of different files that are essentially trying to make use of this Napster
app or stuff.
They are specifically the new and update set of tests.
So inside of my test directory, we're going to first focus on getting the new test file working correctly
so inside of there.
I'm going to add in an import statement at the top of this new test file.
That's going to tell just to make use of our mock file.
So to do so, we'll write out just the mock, and then we will write out a relative path to that file
that we want to fake.
So in this case, the file we want to fake is in that wrapper inside the SRC directory.
So to write out a relative path to it, we would go up one directory from underscore, underscore test
into roots, up another directory into CRC and then we can get Nat's dash wrapper.
So in total, up one directory, up one directory, that's dash wrapper.
Now whenever these tests are executed, just is going to see that we are trying to mock that file.
So if anything tries to import that file rather than actually importing the real file just is going
to redirect that import and give whatever file is trying to import that wrapper.
Our implementation we wrote out inside of underscore underscore mocks.
So I'm not going to save this.
This you know, our tests are not going to run correctly just yet because we do not have any fake implementation
inside of Nat's wrapper.
But we should at least see some kind of different error messages inside of our tests that will at least
tell us that this file is being required in or imported instead of the real Nats wrapper.
Let's try this out.
I'm going to flip back over.
I'm going to restart my test suite entirely.
And then we're probably going to still see a lot of errors.
So I'm going to try to import only or run tests only for the new file.
So to only run the test inside of that new file, I'm going to type into this terminal window, the
letter P, which is going to allow us to only run tests with a very specific file name press p.
I then get prompted on which file I want to try to run.
I'm going to put in.
New that's going to try to find the new test file.
They'll now see that it's only executing that one test file alone.
And now we're going to get a very different message compared to what we got before.
Previously it said, Oh, you have to initialize the client or connect with it before you make use of
it.
Now we're seeing a very different error message, one that says cannot read property published of undefined,
which makes me think, at least tentatively, that this fake implementation is being used instead of
our real one.
Okay.
So that's how we kind of set up this import, redirecting stuff.
So now that this is working, we're going to take a quick pause, come back the next video and figure
out how we can somehow write out a usable fake implementation.